Schemaless (#146)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/main_concepts/documents.md

A **document must contain** [one identifier field](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#identifier) to be indexed in MeiliSearch.

## Fields

All fields present in a document are automaticly <glossary word="searchable" /> and <glossary word="displayed" />.
The way MeiliSearch handles a field is customizable in the settings <Badge text="soon" type="warn"/>. You can make a field only searchable, or only displayed, or none, in this case MeiliSearch will completely ignore the field when it is send on document addition.

You can also add <glossary word="ranking rules" /> on a field, to, for example, add a rule that makes recent movies more relevant than older ones.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

MeiliSearch has several ways of knowing which field is the `identifier`.

> - MeiliSearch [infers automaticly the identifier](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#meilisearch-infers-your-identifier) based on your first document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MeiliSearch [automatically infers the identifier](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#meilisearch-infers-your-identifier) based on your first document.
```

- You set it [on index creation](/references/indexes.md#create-an-index)
- You set it [on document addition](/references/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents)

#### MeiliSearch infers your identifier

If no identifier has been given through the index creation or through document additions, MeiliSearch will search for the identifier field in the first document sent.

MeiliSearch will search for an attribute that contains the string `id` in any way case-insensitively. (i.e, `uid`, `MovieId`, `ID`, `123id123`).
If none has been found, no documents will be added.

#### Missing identifier error

> ❗️ If you have the `missing identifier` error, it means MeiliSearch could not recognize your identifier. This mean your identifier does not answer the formatting explained above. To solve this error, you could send the [identifier's name as a query parameter](/references/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents) or [update your index  to add the identifier's name](/references/indexes.md#create-an-index) as explained in: [setting the identifier](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#identifier).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❗️ If you get the `missing identifier` error, it means MeiliSearch could not recognize your identifier. This means your identifier does not answer the formatting explained above. To solve this error, you could:
- send the [identifier's name as a query parameter](/references/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents)
- or [update your index to add the identifier's name](/references/indexes.md#create-an-index).
Theses options are explained in: [setting the identifier](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#identifier).
```

Reviewer: (I split because the sentence was really long)
